Spec MSC2285: Private read receipts (#1216)
matrix-org/matrix-spec: content/client-server-api/modules/push.md

When the user updates their read receipt (either by using the API or by
sending an event), notifications prior to and including that event MUST
be marked as read. Note that users can send both an `m.read` and
`m.read.private` receipt, both of which are capable of clearing notifications.

If the user has both `m.read` and `m.read.private` set in the room then
the receipt which is more recent/ahead must be used to determine where

> the user has read up to. For example, given an ordered set of events A,

Reviewer: ordered by what metric?

Author: ```suggestion
the user has read up to. For example, given an oldest-first set of events A,
```
